hey it's the frugal chef I'm going to be
storing some shrimp today to put on the
grill I want to show you how to make the
marinade for this recipe and then we'll
marinate it for a couple hours then
we'll come back we'll secure it and put
it on the grill okay so what we're going
to need for this is an 18 ounce jar of
orange marmalade I've already emptied it
into my pan okay just by any type you
want we're going to need four scallions
which I chopped here white light greens
and greens we need six cloves of garlic
which I minced in here I have to
jalapenos which I seated and I mints and
i also have about half a bunch of
cilantro widget chopped I have a quarter
cup of soy sauce we're going to use
about three teaspoons of sesame or so so
what I'm going to do now is I'm going to
put on my ingredients in a pan I'm just
going to your stir it stir it stir it
until my marmalade melts ten liquefies
and then I'm going to let it cool i'll
put it on the shrimp put it in the
fridge for two maybe three hours and
then I'll come back and will skewer it
together and then we'll put it on the
grill okay so let me cook it and i'll
see you in two hours okay all right my
shrimp has been marinating for an hour
and a half so I'm getting ready to
secure it in about half hour so I'm
going to be using bamboo skewers I need
to so please for 30 minutes because I
don't want to catch fire on the grill ok
so I'm soaking these and I'm going to
leave them there for 30 minutes and then
we'll come back and we'll skewer our
shrimp okay so you're 30 minutes okay
let's do our trip of course we have our
bye boo skewers that we're soaking we
need some diced pineapple and our shrimp
that's been marinating and some bacon so
this is how we're going to do this we're
going to start by screwing the bacon at
the bottom kind of fold it a little bit
and put it in through like that thread
it through the bacon okay now we're
going to grab a piece of shrimp I'm
going to put it through and then we're
going to grab some pineapple and put it
through then you're going to scoot all
your stuff to the end of the vet
the skewer and you're going to thread
your bacon again okay so now you need
another piece of shrimp and another
piece of pineapple and you repeat repeat
and so on and so forth so you're going
to end up with a skewer looking like
this okay so shrimp pineapple bacon try
and find apple bacon you started at this
end actually and now we're going to put
this on the grill cook them and eat them
so we are going to cook the shrimp now
peter has his grill all cleaned up and
he has the heat down to low we don't
want to burn it you know shrimp cooks
really fast so we need to get this you
know fairly quickly we skewered some
with pineapple some with green peppers
and some with just bacon so that
everybody can have what they like so
this is the good yeah don't don't forget
the frugal chef calm where you have all
kinds of good frugal recipe
so we flipped some of these around
they've been on the grill for about five
minutes you can see when they start
getting pink you know is the time to
flip and we're going to cook for a total
of about 10 minutes and then we're going
to serve up look at these these are
ready we're going to take them off and
put them on the on the platter oh yeah
you go shrimp kabobs 10 minutes and
they're done long as it took was the
marinating okay look at these antique
delicious all right now we're going to
finish cooking the rest i'm going to
cover these with foil so they don't get
pool and we're going to eat hey Bon
Appetit from the frizzle chef calm so
then we go my friends from my kitchen to
yours eat well without going broke this
is Mary and the frugal chef